# i2cbus-api

i2cbus-api is an HTTP RESTful API designed to control an I2C bus.  This repo includes:
- An [API specification](https://github.com/packom/i2cbus-api/blob/master/api/openapi.yaml) in [OpenAPI format](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/).
- Skeleton client and server implementations in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

A fully-featured server implementation for Linux, in Rust, can be found at https://github.com/packom/i2cbus.

The text below was automatically generated by the openapi-generator.

To regenerate this skeleton client and server implementation, run openapi-generator over the API specification, and then apply the modifications listed [here](https://github.com/packom/i2cbus-api/blob/master/notes/changes.txt). 

# Rust API for openapi_client

No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 0.1.5
- Build date: 2020-05-24T14:26:58.838005Z[Etc/UTC]



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `openapi_client` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `openapi_client`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `openapi_client`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `openapi_client` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client I2cBusApi
cargo run --example client I2cBusList
cargo run --example client I2cBusReadByte
cargo run --example client I2cBusReadBytes
cargo run --example client I2cBusReadReg
cargo run --example client I2cBusWriteByte
cargo run --example client I2cBusWriteByteReg
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**i2c_bus_api**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_api) | **GET** /i2c/api | 
[**i2c_bus_list**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_list) | **GET** /i2c/buslist | 
[**i2c_bus_read_byte**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_read_byte) | **GET** /i2c/{busId}/read/byte/{addr} | 
[**i2c_bus_read_bytes**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_read_bytes) | **GET** /i2c/{busId}/read/bytes/{addr}/{numBytes} | 
[**i2c_bus_read_reg**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_read_reg) | **GET** /i2c/{busId}/read/reg/{addr}/{reg}/{numBytes} | 
[**i2c_bus_write_byte**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_write_byte) | **POST** /i2c/{busId}/write/byte/{addr}/{value} | 
[**i2c_bus_write_byte_reg**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_write_byte_reg) | **POST** /i2c/{busId}/write/byte/reg/{addr}/{reg}/{value} | 
[**i2c_bus_write_bytes**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_write_bytes) | **POST** /i2c/{busId}/write/bytes/{addr} | 
[**i2c_bus_write_bytes_reg**](docs/default_api.md#i2c_bus_write_bytes_reg) | **POST** /i2c/{busId}/write/bytes/reg/{addr}/{reg} | 


## Documentation For Models

 - [Addr](docs/Addr.md)
 - [BusId](docs/BusId.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [I2cBusArg](docs/I2cBusArg.md)
 - [I2cBusError](docs/I2cBusError.md)
 - [I2cBusList](docs/I2cBusList.md)
 - [I2cBusOk](docs/I2cBusOk.md)
 - [I2cBusRead](docs/I2cBusRead.md)
 - [I2cByte](docs/I2cByte.md)
 - [NumBytes](docs/NumBytes.md)
 - [Reg](docs/Reg.md)
 - [Value](docs/Value.md)
 - [Values](docs/Values.md)
 - [Yaml](docs/Yaml.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



